

0. extract student properties from sample data: (done)
	student-id, st-name, sex, ethnicity, age
	Student-id is unique and correspondense to the AAU student number 


1. Group-id , group-members (Group id able to represent the list of group members with their student ids) (done)

2. n population 200 input/read (done)

3. Write a function that retrieves a given group from grouping(done)

4. write a function that returns a number of groups from grouping-association(done)

5. write a function that returns the maximum group size in grouping-asscociation(done)

6. write a function that returns the minimum group size in the grouping-association(done)

7. write the selector function which returns the group-id (done)

8. Construct a function for a sngle group and write group predicate function.(done)

9. Write a selector function that returns a list of students in the group.(done)

10. write a selector function that returns the group-id(done)

11. Write constructor, predicate, selection functions for a single student (representing a student your own style) (done)


Random grouping:

12. Create a grouping from list of groups.(done)

13. write a function to create random groups of students.(done) 

14. write a recursive function to create all groups.(done)
 
15. Write the function for the sum of group-sizes equal to the number of students.(done) 

16. write a function which asserts that gsl has the positive integers(done)


Grouping by counting:

17. Write a program for a grouping by counting that mimics the manual counting approach to the formation of k groups (done)


Balanced grouping by counting:
18. Write a function which the gender and ethnicity of students that distributes equally in constructed groups.(done)
19. Make the pretty print function to show the details above mentioned details


Ramdom grouping with group predicate:

20. Create random grouping with a predicate which satisfy the below conditions.
	1. At least N students in a group are A years of old(done)
	2. All students in the group are female.(done)
	3. No students in the group are of the same age.(done)

21. write a predicate function that identifies a grouping object.(done)













